Pointed rational extension of R has uncountable extent (#1148)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000060/properties/P000093.md

---
space: S000060
property: P000093
value: true
refs:
- doi: 10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9_6
  name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> By definition, base of topology consists of countable sets $\{x\}\cup((x-\varepsilon,x+\varepsilon)\cap\mathbb Q)$ (for $x\in\mathbb R$, $\varepsilon>0$).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By definition, the topology has a base consisting of countable sets $\{x\}\cup((x-\varepsilon,x+\varepsilon)\cap\mathbb Q)$ (for $x\in\mathbb R$, $\varepsilon>0$).
```
minor grammar fix
